Use Case Specification for Register and Login (#2)
McSinyx/ipppi: docs/source/requirements/use-case-model.rst

Brief Description

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> | This use case describes how a user creates an account.
> | Actor: New user/User with no account(Guest)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This use case describes how a user creates an account.

Actor: New user/User with no account(Guest)
```

and the same for below.

Flow of Events
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
| The use case starts when a system user visits the login page. 

> | If he/she doesn't have an account, he/she can create a new one. 

Reviewer: Same formatting suggestion as above, plus (optional) changing he/she to perse for better LGBT inclusion:

```suggestion
| If perse doesn't have an account, perse can create a new one. 
```

Basic Flow
""""""""""

> 1. The user select the registration option on the login page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. The user select the registration option on the login page.
```

2. The System prompts user for registration information: Username, Password, etc
3. The user enters the information.
4. System verifies information and creates account.
5. The use case ends.

Alternative Flows

> """""""""""""""""
> * Cancel Registration   
>    * The user select the cancel option.
>    * The system returns the user to the login page, all information entered is deleted.

Reviewer: Align the inner list like this:

```suggestion
"""""""""""""""""

* Cancel Registration

  * The user select the cancel option.
  * The system returns the user to the login page, all information entered is deleted.
```

* Invalid entered information
   * User finishes the registration form.
   * The system checks and shows the invalid information
   * User re-enters the invalid information.

Special Requirements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
No special requirements.

Pre-Conditions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
No pre-conditions.

Post-Conditions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
* Success: The user now has had his/her own account and can use it to log in.
* Failure: The user is returned to the home page and continues to be a guest.

Extension Points
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
No extension points.

Login
-----

Brief Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
| This use case describes how a user logs into the system.
| Actor: User with created account 

Flow of Events
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The use case starts when a system user is not logged in to the system and goes to the login page. 

Basic Flow
""""""""""

> 1.	The user enters his/her username and password.
> 2.	The system validates the entered username and password.
> 3.	The user is signed in and returned to the home page as a Logged In User.
> 4.	The use case ends.

Reviewer: Please don't use the tab character:

```suggestion

1. The user enters his/her username and password.
2. The system validates the entered username and password.
3. The user is signed in and returned to the home page as a Logged In User.
4. The use case ends.
```

Brief Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This use case describes how a user creates an account.

Actor: New contributor/Contributor with no account (Guest)

Flow of Events
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The use case starts when a contributor visits the login page.
If perse doesn't have an account, perse can create a new one.

Basic Flow
""""""""""

1. The contributor select the registration option on the login page.
2. The System prompts contributor for registration information: Username, Password, etc
3. The contributor enters the information.
4. System verifies information and creates account.
5. The use case ends.

Alternative Flows
"""""""""""""""""

* **Cancel Registration**

   * The contributor select the cancel option.

>    * The system returns the contributor to the login page, all information entered is deleted.

Reviewer: final nit ^

Brief Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This use case describes how a user creates an account.

Actor: New contributor/Contributor with no account (Guest)

Flow of Events
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> | The use case starts when a contributor visits the login page. 
> | If perse doesn't have an account, perse can create a new one. 

Reviewer: You missed this:

```suggestion
The use case starts when a contributor visits the login page.
If perse doesn't have an account, perse can create a new one.
```

Basic Flow
""""""""""

1. The contributor select the registration option on the login page.
2. The System prompts contributor for registration information: Username, Password, etc
3. The contributor enters the information.
4. System verifies information and creates account.
5. The use case ends.

Alternative Flows
"""""""""""""""""

* **Cancel Registration**

  * The contributor select the cancel option.
  * The system returns the contributor to the login page, all information entered is deleted.

* **Invalid entered information**

>    * Contributor finishes the registration form.
>    * The system checks and shows the invalid information
>    * Contributor re-enters the invalid information.

Reviewer: Also this:

```suggestion
  * Contributor finishes the registration form.
  * The system checks and shows the invalid information
  * Contributor re-enters the invalid information.
```

Edit: oh no what did you do to the above :smile:  Ref: https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/ref/rst/restructuredtext.html#bullet-lists

Special Requirements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

No special requirements.

Pre-Conditions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

No pre-conditions.

Post-Conditions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * **Success** 
> The contributor now has had his/her own account and can use it to log in.
> 
> * **Failure**
> The contributor is returned to the home page and continues to be a guest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Success**: The contributor now has had his/her own account and can use it to log in.
* **Failure**: The contributor is returned to the home page and continues to be a guest.
```

Extension Points
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

No extension points.

Login
-----

Brief Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This use case describes how a contributor logs into the system.

Actor: Contributor with created account 

Flow of Events
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The use case starts when a contributor is not logged in to the system and goes to the login page. 

Basic Flow
""""""""""

1. The contributor enters his/her username and password.
2. The system validates the entered username and password.
3. The contributor is signed in and returned to the home page as a Logged In Contributor.
4. The use case ends.

Alternative Flows
"""""""""""""""""

* **Wrong username/password**

>    * The system shows why the contributor is not authenticated.
>    * The contributor re-enters the information.
>    * The Basic Flow continues after the contributor enters the information (From step 2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  * The system shows why the contributor is not authenticated.
  * The contributor re-enters the information.
  * The Basic Flow continues after the contributor enters the information (From step 2).
```

Special Requirements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

No special requirements.

Pre-Conditions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

No pre-conditions.

Post-Conditions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * **Success**
> The contributor is logged in and is able to to do specific actions.
> 
> * **Failure** 
> The contributor continues to be a guest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Success**: The contributor is logged in and is able to to do specific actions.
* **Failure**: The contributor continues to be a guest.
```
